feat: MGP13 (#286)
mento-protocol/mento-deployment: script/upgrades/MGP13/MGP13.md

## TL;DR

> This proposal enables a 5bps (0.05%) spread fee and increases the ValueDeltaBreaker circuit breaker thresholds from 10bps to 15bps (0.10% → 0.15%) for the following pairs: `USDm/USDC`, `USDm/axlUSDC`, and `USDm/USD₮`. The goals are to reduce breaker-induced downtime, curb arbitrage losses, and introduce protocol revenue on high-volume pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal enables a 5bps (0.05%) spread fee and increases the ValueDeltaBreaker circuit breaker thresholds from 10bps to 15bps (0.10% → 0.15%) for the following pairs: `USDm/USDC`, `USDm/axlUSDC`, and `USDm/USD₮`. The goals are to reduce breaker-induced downtime, improve protection against arbitrage losses, and enable protocol revenue on high-volume pairs.
```

### Summary

This proposal updates two parameter sets for the above‑mentioned USDm pairs:

- **Spread fee**: **0.00% → 0.05%** (0bps → 5bps)
- **Circuit breaker threshold**: **0.10% → 0.15%** (10bps → 15bps)

> These changes are proposed because the current 10bps breaker causes significant downtime (notably for the USD₮ pair), and the 0% spread exposes the reserve to fee‑free arbitrage losses while generating no protocol revenue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The increased circuit breaker values are proposed because the current 10bps breakers have started to cause significant downtime (notably for the USD₮ pair) due to recent USD₮ price instability

The increased spreads are proposed because the current 0% spreads expose the reserve to potential arbitrage losses while related swaps are not generating protocol revenue. It is expected that this leads to reduced swap volume on Mento but an overall increase in protocol revenue and better protection against arbitrage losses for the Mento Reserve.
```

## TL;DR

> This proposal enables a 5bps (0.05%) spread fee and increases the ValueDeltaBreaker circuit breaker thresholds from 10bps to 15bps (0.10% → 0.15%) for the following pairs: `USDm/USDC`, `USDm/axlUSDC`, and `USDm/USD₮`. The goals are to reduce breaker-induced downtime, improve protection against arbitrage losses, and enable protocol revenue on high-volume pairs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This proposal enables a 5bps (0.05%) spread fee and increases the ValueDeltaBreaker circuit breaker thresholds from 10bps to 15bps (0.10% → 0.15%) for the following pairs:

1. `USDm/USDC`
2. `USDm/axlUSDC`
3. `USDm/USD₮`

The goals are to reduce breaker-induced downtime, improve protection against arbitrage losses, and enable protocol revenue on high-volume pairs.
```
